---
layout : post
title : 190911_TE
tags : [TE]
comments: true
---
### Today English
- My boss told me to send him the itinerary file for our business trip. I emailed him without attacing the itinerary file. I got yelled at and had to send it again. I felt so stupid.

- My boss told me to send him the itinerary file for our business trip. I emailed him without attaching the itinerary file. I got yelled at and had to send it again. I felt so stupid.

- My boss told me to send him the itinerary file for our business trip. I emailed him without attaching the itinerary file. I got yelled at and had to send it again. I felt so stupid.

---

### Feedback
- I didn't feel good all day. I think the pork I had last night had gone bad. It was seasoned with sauce so I couldn't really tell. I had to cancle on my friend and go home and rest. I felt bad.

- I receive too many spam mails from loaning services and adult websites. It is so annoying. I once accidently deleted an important email from my boss because I thought it was spam.

- My friend and I were planing to have dinner together. But we couldn't make any plans because it was hard to set a time that works for both of us. I think she is too busy.

- I don't like eating alone. When I have no one to eat with, I just skip it and have bread instead. When I was taking classes by myself, I lost 5 kg in one semester.

- I was at lunch and one of the people at my table was eating with his mouse open. His noisy eating bothered me. Furthermore, while he was talking some food spattered onto mine. I couldn't eat anymore.

- I like to watch Youtube video clips through my phone. I used too much data for the internet on my phone and I ended up receiving an enormous billing statment this month.

- I lost my phone on the subway. I went to the lost and found but couldn't find it. I went to buy a new phone but since I didn't have the old one, I couldn't tranfer all my contact numbers.

- I don't like shopping with my girl frined. When we go shopping, it takes forever. She usually spends an 5 hours on shopping. She tries on everything. it makes me feel stressed.

- I like trying samples at a food market. I usually go grocery shopping when i am hungry. Yesterday I went to the grocery store and tried too many samples as always. I was too full to have dinner afterwards.

- I didn't go on a vaction this summer. I took three days off and just stayed home. I really needed this time. I woke up at 11 a.m. and watched TV for 10 hours. It was the best vaction ever.

- I started to go to the gym a month ago. I walk on a threadmil and do weight lifting. When I am working out, a trainer comes up to me and helps me do it in the right position. It is very helpful to exercise right.
