---
layout : post
title : 190829_TE 
tags : [TE]
comments: true
---
### Today English
- I lost my phone on the subway. I went to the lost and found but couldn't find it. I went to buy a new phone but since I didn't have the old one, I couldn't transfer all my contact numbers.

- I lost my phone on the subway. I went to the lost and found but couldn't find it. I went to the a new phone but since I didn't have the old one, I couldn't transfer all my contact numbers.

- I lost my phone on the subway. I went to the lost and found but couldn't find it. I went to buy a new phone but since i didn't have the old one, I couldn't transfer all my contact numbers.

--- 
### Feedback
- I like to watch Youtube video clips through my phone. I used too much data for the internet on my phone and I ended up recieving an enormous billing statment this month. 

- I like trying samples at a food market. I usually go grocery shopping when I am hugry. I went to the grocery store and tried too many samples as always. I was too full to have dinner afterwards.

- I don't like shopping with my girl friend. When we go shopping, it takes forever. She usually spends an 5 hours on shopping. She tries on everything. It makes me feel stressed.

- I drank a lot and blacked out last night. I literally don't remeber how I got home. I just hope that I didn't do anything stupid. I am going to quit drinking.

- I drink like a fish. When I drink, I usually drink a 3 bottles of soju. Almost my friends all drink a lot. When three of us meet, we usually drink 10 bottles of soju between us. The funny thing is that we see each other almost every day.
=> I drink like a fish. When I drink, I drink at least 3 bottles of soju. Most of my friends all drink a lot. So when three of us meet, we usually drink 10 bottles of soju between us. The funny thing is that we see each other almost every day.

- I hate getting on the packed bus during rush hours. So I decided to ride a bike to work. I got a new bike and a helmet and was ready for it. However, the bike lanes were not built so well. So I gave up on riding it to work.
=> I hate getting on the packed bus during rush hours. So I decided to ride a bike to work. I got a new bike and a helmet and was ready for it. However, the bike lanes were not built so well. So I gave up on riding it to work.

- I got a new bike for my 18th birthday present. It was my first bike and liked it a lot. One day, I parked my bike near the subway station and someone stole it. I cried for a week.

