---
layout : post
title : 191007_TE
tags : [TE]
comments: true
---
### Today English
- A couple of weeks ago, I went to a singing room in my neighborhood. The soundproof facilities at the singing room were not good. I could hear everything from the next room. It was bothersome.

- A couple of weeks ago, I went to a singing room in my neighborhood. The soundproof facilities at the singing room were not good. I could hear everything from the next room. It was bothersome.

- A couple of weeks ago, I went to a singing room in my neighborhood. The soundproof facilities at the singing room were not good. I could hear everything from the next room. It was bothersome.

---
### Feedback.

- I sing to release stress. Last night, I went to a singing room with my friends. One of my friends started to sing and he wouldn't stop. It was not enjoyable. I am never going to sing with him again.

- When I go to Macdonal's, I always order a combo meals. When i get cheese burger only, it costs 3,500 won. However, if i order a combo meals, it costs 5,000 won for a cheese burger, a coke and french fries.

- When I order my food, the staff repeats my order into the microphone so that the kichen stff can hear the order. I remember that, when i was young, it was interesting to see and wanted to try it.

- I am allergic to pollen. I have a runny nose and itchy eyes in the spring. It bothers me so much. Yesterday, I was doing a presentation in class and my nose was running like water. I was so embrassed. I can't stand spring.

- I sweat a lot in summer and I suffer from a heat rash. it makes my skin itchy. It's frustrating. My friend used to make fun of me when i was young. I prefer winter to summer.




