---
layout : post
title : 190811_TE
tags : [TE]
comments: true
---
### Today English
- My boss called me this morning. He was in a minor accident on his way to work.

- My father got me a badminton racquet for my 15th birthday gift. I was veryexcited. My father taught me how to play badminton. I still enjoy playing badminton. I have been playing it for over 10 years.

- The movie was so sad that I cried eyes out. My friend said I embrrassed me. I can't believe he didn't cry. He is cold-hearted.
=> 틀림. My friend said I embrrassed him

- My familly was eating at a restaurant. I found a hair in my food. I was gross. I complained and then they baught a new dish. I didn't pay for it.
=> 틀림. I was gross nono.. It was gross.. It was gross. It was gross.. baught..=> brought. brought. brought.

- I drink like a fish. When I drink, I drink at least 3 bottles of soju. Most of my friends all drink a lot. When three of us meet, we drink 10 bottles of soju between us. The funny thing is that we see each other almost every day. 

=> so가 빠짐.. so when three of us meet, we usually drink 10 bottles of soju between us.

- My grandma suffers from insomnia really badly. She usually takes some sleeping pills to go to bed. I feel bad because she is so old. I want her to be healthy and happy.

=> to go to bed -> to go to sleep. 자러 가다. 잠들기전 비슷함..? I feel really bad because she is so old. I just want her to be healthy and happy.

- I sing to release stress. Lasy night, I went to a singing room with my friends. One of my friends started to sing and wouldn't stop. It was not enjoyable. I am never going to sing with him agian. 

=> started to sing. started to sing. started to sing. It was not enjoyable. It was not enjoyable. It was not enjoyable. It was not enjoyable.

- My boss called me this morning. He was in a minor accident on his way to work.

- It was supposed to be sunny today. However, It rained in the middle of the day and I got wet. It is frustrated when the weather forecast is wrong. I will have to carry around an umberella in my bag all the time.

- I always take a walk at the park on the weekends. It refreshes my mind and body. I love having a cup of coffee at the park after dinner. I think it ismy favorite time of the day.

=> I think it is my favorite time of the day
=> I think it is my favorite time of the day.
=> I think it is my favorite time of the day.


- My boss called me this moring. He was a minor accident on his way to work.I asked him if he was okay and he said he was fine. 

- I asked him if he was okay and he said he was fine. He also told me to prepare the meeting by myself.

- I asked him if he was okay and he said he was fine. He also told me to prepare the meeting by myself. 
