---
layout : post
title : 190901_TE 
tags : [TE]
comments: true
---
### Today English

- 10 - 40 feedback

- I like going to the bookstore. It is fun to look around the bookstore. When I have time, I just go there and pick up some books even though there is nothing in particular i want to buy.

- I don't like shopping with my girl friend. When we go shopping, it takes forever. She usually spends 5 hours on shopping. She tries on everything. It makes me feel stressed.

- I like trying samples at a food market. I usually go grocery shopping when I am hungry. I went to the grocery store and tried too many samples as always. I was too full to have dinner afterwards.

- I like to watch Youtube video clips through my phone. I used too much data for the internet on my phone and I ended up receving an enormous billing statment this month.

- I lost my phone on the subway. I went to the lost and found but couldn't find it. I went to buy a new phone but since I didn't have the old one, I couldn't transfer all my contact numbers.

- I don't like eating alone. When I have no one to eat with, I just skip it and have some bread instead. When I was taking classes by myself, I lost 5kg in one semester.

- I was at lunch and one of the people at my table was eating with his mouth open. His noisy eating bothered me. Furthermore, while he was talking, some food spattered onto mine. I couldn't eat anymore.

- My friend and I were planing to have dinner together but we couldn'y make any plans because it was so hard to set a time that works for both of us. I think she is too busy. (check)

- I receive too many spam mails from loaning services and adult websites. it is so annoying. I once accidentally deleted an important email from my boss because I thought it was spam.

- I was waiting in lines to get on the subway. Me and other people were wating the white line on the platform. When the subway arrived, a man rushed and tried to get on the train before the passenger on the train got off. He was so rude (check)

- When I go to Macdonal's, I always order a combo meal. When I get a cheese buger only, it costs 3500 won. However, if I order a combo meal, it costs 5000 won for a cheese buger, a coke and french fries. (check)




