---
layout : post
title : 191019_TE
tags : [TE]
comments: true
---
### Today English
- It is not safe to drink the tap water in my area. So, my mom always tells me to boil the tap water first and then drink it. I used to boil it, but I recently started to drink bottled water. I just buy them from the convenience store on my way back home. My mom is thinking of getting a water purifier at home.

- It is not safe to drink the tap water in my area. So, my mom always tells me to boil the tap water first and then drink it. I used to boil it but, I recently started to drink bottled water. I just buy them from the convenience store on my way back home. My mom is thinking of getting a water purifier at home.

- It is not safe to drink the tap water in my area. So, my mom always tells me to boil the tap water first and then drink it. I used to boil it but, I recently started to drink bottled water. I just buy them from the convenience store on my way back home. My mom is thinking of getting a water purifier at home.

---

### Feedback.
- I like looking around at the convenience store. They mainly sell snacks, beverages, toiletries, stationeris and instant food. I hardly buy toiletries and stationeries there because they are more expensive than ordinary stores.

- I like playing viedo games when i was little. I am an only chid so i used to play alone. When I was in elemetary school, I made some friends. They came to my home to play games together.

- When I was five, my parents wanted to have a baby boy. They were hopeful but it was girl again. I was excited to have a sister. My sister and I are best friends now.

- My bother is always in his room playing computer games. He eats and sleeps in his room. So, I barely see him in the house. He is totally addicted to computer games.
