---
layout : post
title : 190818_TE
tags : [TE]
comments: true
---
### Today English
- My friend lee is a heavy smoker. So whenever we go to a coffee shop, she always make sure it has a smoking area inside. She never goes to one without one 

- My friend lee is a heavy smoker. So whenever we go to a coffee shop, she always make sure it has a smoking area inside. She never goes to one without one.

- My friend lee is a heavy smoker. So whenever we go to a coffee shop, she always make sure it has a smoking area inside. She never goes to one without one.

* * *
### Feedback

1. My friend lee is a heavy smoker. So whenever we go to a coffee shop, she always make sure it has a smoking area inside. She never goes to one without one.

2. After my dad retired, he wanted to help my mom with the housework. He tried to cook, but it was so bad that we couldn't eat it at all. So my mom told him to do the dishes instead. When my mom cooks, my dad does the dishes afterwards.

3. The weather was boiling hot and I was so thirsty. I found a vending machine and tried to get a cold soda. I put some coins in, but the vending machine ate my coins. I was so upset and gave it a kick. It spat out my coins.

4. I got a bike for my 18th birthday present. It was my first bike and I liked it a lot. One day, I parked my bike near the subway station and someone stole it. I cried for a week.

5. The gas price keeps on rising. I always check gas price per liter and look for the lowest one. Yesterday, however, the low gas signal came up so I just went to the nearest gas station.

6. I don't like to waste my time at a bank so I went to the bank at 9 a.m.  I was surprised to see some people who were already there. I had to take a number and wait.

7. I don't like to wear a seatbelt ***in a car*** because it feels restricted. However, I always wear a seatbelt when I drive on a high way. I feel like I have to weat it regardless of my seating position.

8. My boss called me this morning. He was in a minor accident on his way to work. I asked him if he was okay and he was fine. He told me to prepare the meeting by myself.

