---
layout : post
title : 190902_TE
tags : [TE]
comments: true
---
### Today English
I review what I'm done so far.

- (bank) I don't like waste my time at a bank. So, I went to the bank at 9 a.m. I was surprised to see some people who are already there. I had to take a number and wait.

- (bike) I got a new bike for 18th birthday gift. It was first my bike and I liked a lot. One day, I parked my bike near the subway station and someone stole it. I cried for a week.

- (vending machine) The weather was boiling hot and I was so thirsty. I found a vending machine and tried to get a cold soda. I put some coins in, but the vending machine ate my coins. I was so upset and gave it a kick. It spat out my coins.

- (gas station) The gas price keeps on rising. So I always checked the gas price per liter and look for the lowest one in my town. Yesterday, however, the low gas singal came up so I just went to the nearest gas station.

- (housework) After my dad retired, my dad helps my mom to work with the housework. He tried to cook but it couldn't eat it at all. My mom told him to do the dishes instead. When my mom cooks, my dad does the dishes afterwards.

---

- (bank) I don't like to waste my time at a bank. So, I went to the bank at 9 a.m. I was surprised to see some people who are already there. I had to take a number and wait.

- (bike) I got a new bike for my 18th birthday gift. It was my first bike and I liked a lot. One day, I parked my bike near the subway station and someone stole it. I cried for a week.

- (vending machine) The weather was boiling hot and I was so thirsty. I found a vending machine and tried to get a cold soda. I put some coins in, but the vending machine ate my coins. I was so upset and gave it a kick. It spat out my coins.

- (Gas station) The gas price keeps on rising. So I always check the gas price per liter and look for the lowest one in my town. Yesterday, however, the low gas siginal came up so i just went to the nearest gas station.

- (House work) After my dad retired, he wanted to help my mom work the housework. He tried to cook but it couldn't eat it at all. My mom told him to do the dishes instead. When my mom cook, my dad does the dishes afterwards.

