---
layout : post
title : 190926_TE
tags : [TE]
comments: true
---
### Today English
- The book I was looking for was not in stock at the bookstore I went to. So, I called another bookstore to see if they have a copy. They did. So I went to there and got it. 
- The book I was looking for was not in stock at the bookstore I went to. So, I called another bookstore to see if they have a copy. They did. So I went to there and got it.

- The book I was looking for was not in stock at the bookstore I went to. So, I called another bookstore to see if they have a copy. They did. So I went to there and got it.

---

### Feedback.
- I like going to the bookstore. It is fun to get around the bookstore. When I have time, I just go there and pick up some books though there is noting in particluar I want to buy.

- I always retouch my pictures with Photoshop before I post them on Facebook. The pictures look much better with photoshop. I think Photoshop is the greatest thing ever.

- I used to use Polaroid camera a lot but it was such a bummer to buy instant flim. Now i can take pictures with my cell phone and print them out. It is very convenient.

- I thought there still was the last bus so I waited for it for more than half an hour. It turned out the last bus had left 5 minuates before i came.

- I was sitting on the bus. An old lady got on and stood next to the person in front of me. I thought he would stand up but he didn't. I felt bad and gave up my seat to the old lady.

- The first time i went to the public bath, I left my locker key somewhere and  I had to wait for the owner to find the spare key to my locker. Since then, I always wear a locker key around my wrist while bathing.

