---
layout : post
title : 191006_TE
tags : [TE]
comments: true
---
### Today English
- I jog in the park every morning. After jogging, I get very thirsty, but i never drink from water fountains. I worry about getting sick from the water. So I just wait until i get home.

- I take a walk at the park on the weekends. It refreshes my mind and body. I love having a cup of coffee at the park after dinner. It my favorite time of the day.

- I jog in the park every morning. After jogging, I get very thirsty, but, i never drink from wather fountains. I worry about getting sick from the water. So I just wait until i get home.

- I usually take a walk at the park on the weekends. It refreshes my mind and body. I love having a cup of coffee at the park after dinner. I think It's my favorite time of the day.

- I jog in the park every morning. After jogging, I get very thirsty, but I never drink from water fountains. I worry about getting from the water. So i just wait until i get home.

- I usually take a walk at the park on the weekends. It refreshes my mind an body. I love having a cup of coffee at the park after dinner. I think it is my favorite time of the day.

---

### feedback.
- I sweat a lot in summer and i suffer from a heat rash. I don't like it becuase it makes my skin itchy. It's frustrating. My frined used to make fun of me when i was young. I prefer winter to summer.

- I am allergic to pollen. I have a runny nose and itchy eyes in the spring. It bothers me so much. Yesterday, I was doing a presentation in class and my nose was running like water. I was so embressed. I can't stand spring.

- When i go to Macdonal's. I always order a combo meals. When I get cheese burger only, it costs 3,500 won. However, If i order a combo meals, It costs 5,000 won for a cheese burger, a coke, and french fries.

- When I order my food, the staff repeats it into the microphonee so that the kitchen staff can hear the order. I remember that when i was young, it was interesting to see and i wanted to try it.

- When I went to visit my frined, I first took subway line 2 but i had to transfer to line 3. I went to the transfer station which was about 5 stops away and transffered to subway line 3. It was easy.
