---
layout : post
title : 190921_TE
tags : [TE]
comments: true
---
### Today English
- I like reading books. It calms me down. When i read, I underline the important passages. It is helpful to read. I sometimes write down the notes on the book when I think it is important.

- I like reading a book. It calms me down. When i read, I underline the important passages. It is helpful to read. I sometimes write down the notes on the book when i think it is important.

- I like reading books. It calms me down. When i read, i underline the important passages. It is helpful to read.I sometimes write down the notes on the book when I think it is important.

### Feedback.
- I read two to three books a month. It takes time to read a book. I like reading because i can forget things. I also think I become more imaginative from reading books.

- My brother is always in his room playing computer games. He eats and sleeps in his room. So I barely see him in the house. He is totally addicted to computer games.

- When I was five, my parents wanted to have a baby boy. They were hopeful but it was a girl again. I was excited to have a sister. My sister and I are best friend now.

- I liked playing video games when i was little. I am an only child so i used to play alone. When I was in elementary school, I made some friends. They came to my house to play games together.

- My boss told me send him the itinerary file for our buisiness trip. I emailed him without attaching the itinerary file. So I got yelled at and had to send it agian. I felt so stupid.

- I received too many spam mails from loaning service and adult websites. It is so annoying. I once accidentally deleted an important email from my boss because I thought it was spam.
