---
layout : post
title : 191023_TE
tags : [TE]
comments: true
---
### Today English
- My professor told me to get him a coke. I went to the vending machine right outside the classroom. However, it was out of coke. I knew he would be upset if i didn't get him the drink. So, I ran upstair to get one.

- My professor told me to get him a coke. I went to the vending machine right outside the classroom. However, it was out of coke. I knew he would be upset if i didn't get him the drink so, I ran upstair to get one.

- My professor told me to get him a coke. I went to the vending machine right outside the classroom. However, it was out of coke. I knew he would be upset if i didn't get him the drink. So, I ran upstair to get one.

--- 

### Feedback.
- The weather was boiling hot and I was so thirsty. I found the vending machine and tried to get a cold soda. I put some coins in, but the vending machine ate my coins. I was so upset and gave it a kick. It spat out my coins.

- I got a new bike for my 18th birthday present. It was my first bike and I liked it a lot. One day, I parked my bike near the subway station and someone stole it. I cried for a week.

- I hate getting on the packed bus during rush hours. So, I decided to ride a bike to wrok. I got a new bike and a helmat and was so ready for it. However, the bike lanes were not built so well. So I gave up on riding it to work.

- I don't like to waste my time at the bank. So, I went to the bank at 9 a.m. I was so surprised to see some people who were alreay there. I had to take a number and wait.

- I once lost my wallet on the subway. 
