---
layout : post
title : 190823_TE
tags : [TE]
comments: true
---
### Today English
Feedback (~30 All.)

- vacation
 - I didn't go on a vacation this summer. I took three days off and just stayed home. I really needed this time. I woke up at 11 a.m. and just watched TV for 10 hours. It was the best vacation ever.

  - (listen) I didn't go on a vaction this summer. I took three days off and just stayed home. I really needed this time. I woke up at 11 a.m. and watched TV for 10 hours. It was the best vacation ever.

- gym
  - I started to go to the gym a month ago. I walk on a treadmil and wegiht lifting. When I am working out, a trainer comes up to me and helps me do it in the right position. It is very helpful to exercise right.

  - (listen) I started to go to the gym a month ago. I walk on a treadmil and do weight lifting. When I am working out, a trainer comes up to me and helps me do it in the right position. It is very helpful to exercise right.

- private instatued? 
  - I wanted to learn chinese. So I looked online and found a chinese language academy near Gangnam station. I signed up for a class by paying with my credit card.
  - (listen) I wanted to learn chinese. So I looked online and found a chinese language academy near Gangnam station. I signed up for a class by paying with my credit card.

- coffee shop
  - My friend lee is a heavy smoker. So whenever we go to a coffee shop, she make sure it has a smoking area inside. She never goes to one without one.
  - (listen) My friend lee is a heavy smoker. So whenever we go to a coffee shop, she always makes sure it has a smoking area inside. She never goes to one without one.

- housework
  - After my dad retired, he helps my mom with the housework. He tried to cook but it was bad that we couldn't eat it at all. So my mom told him to do the dishes instead. When my mom cook, my dad does the dishes afterwards.
  - (listen) After my dad retired, he wanted to help my mom with the housewrok. He tried to cook but it so bad that we couldn't eat it at all. My mom told hime to do the dishes instead. When my mom cook, my dad does the dishes afterwards.

- Gas station
  - The gas price keeps on rising. So I always check the gas price per liter and look for the lowest one. Yesterday, However, the low gas signal comes up and went to the gas satation nearest one.

  - (listen) The gas price keeps on rising. So I always check the gas price liter and look for the lowest one in my town. Yesterday, However, the low gas signal came up and just went to the nearest gas station.
