---
layout : post
title : 190815_TE 
tags : [TE]
comments: true
---
### Today English
- I got a bike for my 18th birthday present. It was my first bike and I liked it a lot. One day, I parked my bike near the subway station and someone stole it. I cried for a week.

- I don't like to wear a seatbelt in a car because it feels restricted. However, I always wear a seatbelt when I drive on a high way. I feel like I have to wear it regardless of my seating position.

- I got a bike for my 18th birthday present. It was my first bike and I liked it a lot. One day, I parked my bike near the subway station and someone stole it. I cried for a week.

- I don't like to wear a seatbelt in a car because it feels restricted. However, I always wear a seatbelt when I drive on a high way. I feel like I have to waer it regardless of my seating position.

- I got a bike for my 18th birthday present. I was my first bike and I liked it a lot. One day, I parked my bike near the subway station and someone stole it. I cried for a week.

- I don't like to wear a seatbelt in a car because it feels restricted. However, I always wear a seatbelt when I drive on a high way. I feel like I have to wear it regardless of my seating position.

* * *
### Feed back

- The weather was boiling hot and I was so thirsty. I found the vending machine and tried to get a cold soda. I put some coins in, but the vending machine ate my coins. I was so upset and gave it a kick. It spat out my coins.

- I don't like to waste my time at a bank so I went to the bank at 9 a.m. I was surprised to see some people who were already there. I had to take a number and wait.

- My boss called me this morning. He was in a minor accident on his way to work. I asked him if he was okay and he said he was fine. He told me to prepare the meeting by myself.
