---
layout : post
title : 190813_TE 
tags : [TE]
comments: true
---
### Today English
- I don't like to waste my time at a bank. So, I went to the bank at 9 a.m. I was surprised to see some people who were already there. I had to take a number and wait.

- I don't like to waste my time at a bank. So, I went to the bank at 9 a.m. I was surprised to see some people who were already there. I had to take a number and wait.

- I don't like to waste my time at a bank. So, I went to the bank at 9 a.m. I was surprised to see some people who were already there. I had to take a number and wait.

* * * 

### feedback 

- My boss called me this morning. He was a minor accident on his way to work. I asked him if he was okay and he said he was fine. He told me to prepare the meeting by myself.

- I don't like shopping with my girlfriend. When we go shopping, it takes forevers. She usually spends an 5 hours on shopping. She tries on everything. It makes me feel stressed.

- I like to watch Youtube video clips through my phone. I used too much data for internet on my phone and I ended up receiving an enormous billing statments this month.

- I don't like eating alone. When I have no one to eat with, I just skip it and have some bread instead. When I was taking classes by myself, I list 5kg in one semester.

- My frined and I were planing to have dinner together. But we couldn't make plan because it was hard time to set a time that works for both of us. I think she is too busy.

- I recieve too many spam mails from loaning services and adult websites. It is so annoying. I once accidentally deleted an important emails from my boss because I thought it was spam.

 
