---
layout : post
title : 191003_TE
tags : [TE]
comments: true
---
### Today English
- I always wake up during the night. I wake up at least twice and it is hard to fall back to sleep. I am thinking of taking sleeping pills. I really want to sleep through the night.

- I always wake up during the night. I wake up at least twice and it is hard to fall back to sleep. I am thinking of taking sleeping pills. I really want to sleep through the night.

- I always wake up during the night. I wake up at least twice and it is hard to fall back to sleep. I am thinking of taking sleeping pills. I really want to sleep through the night.

---

### Feedback.
- My grandma suffers from insomnia really badly. She usually takes some sleeping pills to go to bed. I feel really bad because she is so old. I just want to her to be healthy and happy.

- I sing to release stress. Last night, I went to a singing room with my friend. One of my friends started to sing and he wouldn't stop. It was not enjoyable. I think i am never going to sing with him again.

- A couple of weeks ago, I went to a sining room in my neighborhood. The soundproof facilities at the singing room were not good. I could hear everything from the next room. It was bothersome.

- It was supposed to be sunny today. However, it rained in the middle of the day and i got wet. It is frustrating when the weather forecast is wrong. I will just have to carry around an umbrella in my bag all the time.

- It rained last night. It was too foggy this morning and it was hard to see. I almost got in an accident twice. I had a hard time driving to wrok. I hate going to wrok in the foggy morning.

