---
layout : post
title : 190927_TE
tags : [TE]
comments: true
---
### Today English
- I took the driver's license test for both automatic and stick shift cars. I know how to drive both of them. However, my first car was an atomatic car and I hardly got to drive stick shift car. Automatic cars are much easier to drive.

- I took the driver's license test for both automatic and stick shift cars.
I know how to drive both of them. However, my first car was an automatic car and I hardly got to drive stick shift car. Automatic car are much easier to drive.

- I took the driver's license test for both automatic and stick shift cars. I know how to drive both of them. However, my first car was an automatic car and I hardly got to drive stick shift car. Automatic car are much easier to drive.

---

### Feedback
- The book I was looking for was not in stock at the bookstore i went to. So, I called another bookstore to see if they have a copy. They did. So i went to there and got it.

- My boss called me this morning. He was in a minor accident on his way to work. I asked him if he was okay and he said he was fine. He also told me to prepare the meeting by myself.

- I don't like wearing a seatbelt in a car because it feels restricted. However, I always wear a seatbelt when i drive on a highway. I feel like I have to wear it regardless of my seating position.

- I got a bike for my 18th birthday present. It was my first bike and I liked it a lot. One day, I parked my bike near the subway station and someone stole it. I cried for a week.

- I hate getting on the packed bus during rush hours. So I decied to ride a bike to work. I got a new bike and a helmet and was so ready for it. However, the bike lanes were not built so well, so I gave up on riding it to work.
