---
layout : post
title : 190922_TE
tags : [TE]
comments: true
---
### Today English
I review what i've done so far.

- I like playing viedo games when i was little. I am an only child so i used to play alone. When I was in elementary school, i made some friends. They came to my house to play games together.

- => I liked playing video games when i was little. I am an only child so i used to play alone. When i was in elementary school, I made some friends. They came to my house to play games together.

- When i was five, my parents wanted to have a baby boy. They were hopeful but it was a girl agian. I was excited to have a sister. My sister and I are best friend.

- => When i was five, my parent wanted to have a baby boy. They were hopeful but it was a girl again. I was excited to have a sister. My sister and I are best frined now.

- My brother was in his room playing computer games. He eats and sleeps in his room. So I barely see him in the house. I think he is totally addicted to computer games.

- Playing games helps me release stress. When i was overwhelmed by life and have too many things to think about, I just play games for a few minuates. It helps me ??? 

- => Playing games helps me release stress. When i was overwhelmed by life and have too many things to think about, I just play games for a few minates. It helps me forget things and makes me feel better after playing games.

- I went on a new roller coaster in the amusement park. It was so scary. It was the most hair rising roller coaster i have ever gone on. I felt sick and exhausted after the ride.

- When I am down, I go to an amusement park. I go on every ride because it makes me feel better. I normally buy a daily ticket because it is cheaper. ???

- When I ame down, I go to an amusement park. I go on every ride because it makes me feel better. It is so much fun. I normally buy a daily ticket because it is cheaper.

- I was on a healthy diet for 5 days and I have been limiting myself. But then i binge ate yesterday. I ate a slice of cake, 3 scoups of ice cream and 5 pieces of chocalates after dinner.

- I wanted to lose weight. However, I didn't want to exercise So I decided not to eat. I lost weight by skipping meals. I didn't eat anying. I felt stressed because I was too hungry.

- I read two to three books a month. It takes time to read a book. I like reading because i can forget everything. I also think it become more imaginative from reading it.

-  => I read two to three books a month. It takes time to read a book. I like reading because i can forget everything. I also think i become more imaginative from reading books.

- I like reading books. When i read, i underline the important passages. I sometimes write down the notes on the book when i thnik it is important.

- => I like reading books. It calms me down. When i read, i underline the important passages. It is helpful to read. I sometimes write down the notes on the book when i think it is important.
