---
layout : post
title : 190929_TE
tags : [TE]
comments: true
---
### Today English
- When I went to visit my friend, I first took the subway line 2 but I had to transfer to line 3. I went to the transfer station which was about 5 stops away and transfered to line 3. It was easy.

- When I went to visit my friend, I first took the subway line 2 but i had to transfer to line 3. I went to the transfer station which was about 5 stops away and transfered to subway line 3. It was easy.

- When I went to visit my friend, I first took the subway line 2 but I had to transfer to line 3. I went to the transfer station which was about 5 stops away and transfered to line 3. It was easy.

---

### Feedback.
- I was waiting in line to get on the subway. Me and other people were waiting behind the white line on the platform. When the subway arrived, a man rushed and tried to get on the train before the passangers on the train got off. He was so rude.

- I like going to the bookstore. It is fun looking around the bookstore. When i have time, I just go there and pick up some books even though there is nothing in particular i want to buy.

- The book I was looking for was not in stock at the bookstore i went to. So I called another bookstore to see if they have a copy. They did. So i went to there and got it.

- It is safe to live in my neighborhood. There are many surveilance cameras in the area. I feel safe to get around late at night. However, my mom yells at me when i come home late. I want to live alone.

- The weather was freezing cold and there were no cabs around. I tried to call a cab but they said no cab was available at that moment. I just walked home.

