---
layout : post
title : 191008_TE
tags : [TE]
comments: true
---
### Today English


---

### Feedback
- I thought there still was the last bus so i waited for it for more than half an hour. I turned out that the last bus had left 5 minuates ago before i came here.

- I was sitting on the bus. An old lady got on and stood next to the person in front of me. I thought he would stand but he didn't. I felt bad and gave up my seat to the old lady. 

- I always retouch my pictures with Photoshop before i post them on Facebook. The pictures look much better with Photoshop. I think Photoshop is the greatest thing ever.

- I used to use Polaroid camera a lot but it was such a bummer to buy instant film. Now I can take pictures with my cell phone and print them out. It is very convenient.

- I like going to the bookstore. It is fun looking around the bookstore. When I have time, I just go there and pick up some books even though there is nothing in particular i want to buy.

- The book i was looking for was not in stock at the bookstore i went to. So i called another bookstore to see if they have a copy. They did. So I went there and got it.

- I was waiting in lines to get on the subway. Me and other people were waiting behind the white line on the platform. When the subway arrived, a man rushed and tried to get on the train before the passengers on the train got off. He was so rude.

- I went to visit my friend. I first took the subway line 2 and I had to transfer to line 3. I went to the transfer station which was about 5 stops away and transfered to the subway line 3. It was easy. 

- When I go to Macdonal's, I always order a combo meals. When I have a cheese burger only, It costs 3,500 won. However, if i order a combo meals, it costs 5,000 won for a cheese burger, a coke and french fries.

- When I order my food, the staff repeats it into the microphone so that the kitchen staff can hear the order. I remember that when i was young, it was interesting to see and i wanted to try it.

- I love biking and wanted to share information on different bicyles with other biker. I looked up online to find a bike club but couldn't find one. I have good computer skills so i decided to make an online bike club and become the manger of it.

- I like looking around at convenience store. They mainly sell snacks, beverages, toiletries, stationeries and instant food.I hardly buy toiletries and stationeries because they are more expensive than ordinary store.

- I am allergic to pollen. I have runny nose and itchy eyes in the spring. It bothers me so much. Yesterday, I was doing a presentation in class and my nose was running like water. I was so embarrassed. I can't stand spring.

- I sweat a lot in summer and I suffer from a heat rash. It makes my skin itchy. It's frustrating. My friend used to make fun of me when i was young. I prefer winter to summer.


 

