---
layout : post
title : 191022_TE
tags : [TE]
comments: true
---
### Today English
- I once lost my wallet on the subway. I had 100,000 won in cash at that time and I couldn't find my wallet. since then I only carry debit cards in my wallet. I often use an ATM to withdraw some cash.

- I once lost my wallet on the subway. I had 100,000 won in cash at that time and I couldn't find my wallet. Since then, I only carry debit cards in my wallet. So I often use an ATM to withdraw some cash.

- I once lost my wallet on the subway. I had 100,000 won in cash at that time and I couldn't find my wallet. Since then, I only carry debit cards in my wallet. So I often use an ATM to withdraw some cash.

### Feedback
- My boss called me this morning. He was in a minor accident on his way to work. I asked him if he was okay and he said he was fine. He also told me to prepare the meeting by myself.

- I took the driver's license test for both automatic and stick shift cars. I know how to drive both of them. However, My first car was an automatic and I hardly got to drive stick shift car. Automatic cars are much easier to drive

- I don't like to wear a seat belt because it feels restricted. However, I alway wear a seat belt when i drive on a high way. I feel like I have to wear it regardless of my sitting position.

- When I tried to come out of the parking lot at the mall, I didn't see the car passing behind me and almost hit it. Since the, I always park backwards. In that case, I won't be at risk of reversing into unknwon traffic.

- I am addicted to exercise. I get moddy and angry when I miss my workout. My right knee was injured from running last month. However, I continue to exercise. I can't rest to recover.

- I don't like to waste my time at the bank so I went to the bank at 9 A.M. I was surprised to see some people who were already there. I had to take a number and wait.

