---
layout : post
title : 190831_TE 
tags : [TE]
comments: true
---
### Today English
- I was at lunch and one of the people at my table was eating with his mouth open. While he was talking, some food spattered onto my food. I couldn't eat anymore.
  => I was at lunch and one of the people at my table was eating with his mouth open. His noisy eating bothered me. Futhermore, while he was talking some food spattered onto mine. I couldn't eat anymore.

- I was at lunch and one of the people at my table was eating with his mouth open. His noisy eating bothered me. Futermore, while he was talking some food spattered onto mine. I couldn't eat anymore.

- I was at lunch and one of the people at my table was eating with his mouth open. His noisy eating bothered me. Futhermore, while he was talking some food spattered onto mine. I couldn't eat anymore.

--- 
### Feedback

- My family was eating at a restaurant. I found hair in my food. It was gross. I complained and then they brought me a new dish. I didn't pay for it.

- My dad got me a badminton racquet for my 15th birthday gift. I was very excited. My dad taught me how to play badminton. I still enjoy playing badminton. I have been playing it for over 10 years.

- I drink like a fish. When I drink, I drink at least 3 bottles of soju. Most of my frineds all drink a lot. When three of us meet, we usually drink 10 bottles of soju between us. The funny thing is that we see each other almost every day.

- I hate getting on the packed bus during rush hours. So I decided to ride a bike to work. I got a new bike and helmet and was so ready for it. However, the bike lanes were not built so well. I gave up on riding it to work.
