---
layout : post
title : 190918_TE
tags : [TE]
comments: true
---
### Today English
- I wanted to lose weight. However, I don't want to exercise. I decided not to eat. I lost weight by skipping meals. I didn't eat anything. I felt stressed because I was too hungry.
- I wanted to lose weight. However, I didn't want to exercise. So, I decided not to eat. I lost weight by skipping meals. I didn't eat anything.I felt stressed because I was too hungry.
- I wanted to lose weight. However, I didn't want to exercise. I decided not to eat. I lost weight by skipping meals. I didn't eat anything. I felt stressed because I was too hungry. 

### Feedback
- My boss told me to send him the itinerary files for our buiness trip. I emailed him without attaching the itinerary file. I got yelled at and had to send it agian. I felt so stupid.

- I receive too many spam mails from loaning services and adult websites. It is so annoying. I once accidentally deleted an important email from my boss because I thought about it was spam.

- When I was five, my parent wanted to have a baby boy. They were hopeful but it was a girl again. I was excited to have a sister. My sister and I are best friends together.

- I like playing video games when i was little. I am an only child so i used to play alone. When I was in elementary school, I made some friends. They came to my house to play games together.

- I was on healty diet for five days and i have been limiting myself. But then I binge ate yesterday. I ate a slice of cake, three scoops of ice cream and five pieces of chocalates after dinner.

- I didn't feel good all day. I think the pork I had last night had gone bad. It was seasoned with sauce so I couldn't really tell. I had to cancle on my friend and go home and rest. I felt bad.

- My friend and I were planing to have dinner together. But we couldn't make any plans because it was hard to set a time that works for both of us. I think she is too busy.
