---
layout : post
title : 190920_TE
tags : [TE]
comments: true
---
### Today English
- I read two to three books a month. It takes time to read a book. I like reading a book because I foret things. I also think I become more imaginative from reading books.

- I read two to three books a month. It takes time to read a book. I like reading because I can forget things. I also think I become more imaginative from reading books.

- I read two to three books a month. It takes time to read a book. I like reading because I can forget things. I also think I become more imaginative from reading books.

### feedback
- I was on a healthy diet for five days and I have been limiting myself. But then I binge ate yesterday. I ate a slice of cake, three scoups of ice creams and five pieces of chocalates after dinner.

- I wanted to lose weight. However, I didn't want to exercise. So i decieded not to eat. I lost wegiht by skipping meals. I didn't eat anything. I felt stressed because I was too hungry.

- I went on a new roller coaster in the amusement park. It was so scary. It was the most hair rising roller coaster I've ever gone on. I felt sick and exhausted after the ride.

- When I am down, I go to an amusement park. I go on every ride because it make me feel better. It is so much fun. I normally buy a daily ticket because it is cheaper.

- Playing games helps me release stress. When i am overwhelmed by life and have too many thing to think about, I just play games for a few minuates. It helps me forget things and I feel better after playing games.


