---
layout : post
title : 191009_TE
tags : [TE]
comments: true
---
### Today English
-

---
### Feedback 
- I usually take a walk at the park on the weekends. It refreshes my mind and body. I love having a cup of coffee at the park after dinner. I think it is my favorite time of the day.

- I jog in the park every morning. After jogging, I get very thirsty, but I never drink from water fountains. I worry about getting sick from the water.So i just wait until i get home. 

- It was supposed to be sunny today. However, it rained in the middle of th day and i got wet. It is frustrating when the weather forecast is wrong. So I will just have to carry around an umbrella in my bag all the time.

- It rained last night. It was too foggy this morning and it was hard to see. I almost got in an accident twice. I had a hard time driving to work. I hate going to the work in the foggy morning.

- I sing to rlease stress. Last night, I went to a singing room with my friend. One of my friends started to sing and he wouldn't stop. It was not enjoyable. I am never going to sing with him again.

- A couple of weeks ago, I went to a singing room in my neighborhood. The soundproof facilities at the singing room were not good. I could hear every thing from the next room. It was bothersome.

- My grandma suffers from insomnia really badly. She usually take some sleeping pills to go to bed. I feel really bad because she is so old. I just want to her to be healthy and happy. 

- I always wake up during the night. I wake up at least twice and it is so hard to fall back to sleep. I am thinking of taking sleeping pills. I really want to sleep through the night.

- I always wake up during the night. I wake up at least twice and it is hard to fall back to sleep. I am thinking of taking sleeping pills. I really want to sleep throguh the night.

- I drink like a fish. When i drink, i drink at least 3 bottles of soju. Most of my friends all drink a lot. So when three of us meet, we usually drink 10 bottles of soju between us. The funny thing is that we see each other almost every day.

- I drink like a fish. When i drink, i drink at least 3 bottles of soju. Most of my friends all drink a lot. So, when three of us meet, we usually drink 10 bottles of soju between us. The funny thing is that we see each other almost every day.

- I drank a lot and blacked out last night. I literally don't remember how i got home. I just hope that i didn't do anything stupid. I am going to quit drinking.
