---
layout : post
title : 190916_TE
tags : [TE]
comments: true
---
### Today English
- When I am down, I go to an amusement park. I go on every ride because it make me feel better. It is so much fun. I normally buy a daily ticket because it is cheaper

- When I am down, I go to an amusement park. I go on every ride because it makes me feel better. It was so much fun. I normally buy a daily tickey because it is cheaper.

- When i am down, I go to an amusement park. I go on every ride because it makes me feel better. It is so much fun. I normally buy a daily ticket because it is cheaper.

### Feedback
- I went on the new roller coaster in the amusement park. It was so scary. I was the most hair-rising roller coaster I've ever gone on. I felt sick and exhausted after the ride.

- When I was five, my parents wanted to have a baby boy. They were hopeful but it was a girl again. I was excited to have a sister. My sister and I are best friends now.

- I don't like eating alone. When I have no one to eat with, I just skip it and have some bread instead. When I was taking classes by myslef, I lost 5 kg in one semester.

- I was at lunch and one of the people at my table was eating with his mouth open. His noisy eating bothered me. Furthermore, while he was talking, some food spattered onto mine. I couldn't eat anymore.

- I like to watch Youtube video clips through my phone. I used too much data for the internet on my phone and I ended up receiving an enormous billing statment this month.

- I lost my phone on the subway. I went to the lost and found but couldn't find it. I went to buy a new phone but since i didn't have the old one, I couldn't transfer all my contact number.

- I left my phone in a cab. I called my phone and the driver picked it up. He came to where i was with the meter on. I gave him the cab fare puls 30,000 won for finding it.
